This is a headgum original.
God
Is it glitching out?
New York Shitty.
Yes, the big grapple.
Yeah, the big grapple.
The Granny Smith.
City that never yawns.
Yeah, John.
I'm in Philadelphia.
No, I'm finally made it to God.
I was peeking for that entire thing.
I'm in New York City.
It's too cold outside to be outside.
Because my Airbnb has a yard that I was going to record from.
Because the inside scalding hot.
So that's interesting.
Yeah.
So yeah, I guess you'll never be just right in the city that's always awake at night.
What about opening the window?
Because it's a.
Uh, hot outside or hot inside cold out.
Well, the windows really small.
And then it's also right by garbage.
So I don't really want the smells of.
Composed.
Wafting in.
Yeah.
And you have no control over the heat.
I looked around.
I can't find a nest.
I can't find an old school style one.
Is there there's got to be there's a radiator, right?
Or what?
A radiator.
You can a radiator.
Yeah.
Yeah, but that would make it hotter.
Yeah, but there's a valve on the radiator that you can just twist it to turn it off.
I don't know this New York City nonsense, man.
And LA, it's perfect always.
You got to you see that radiator right there?
That's a nice even heat.
It's a nice even heat.
There's a little bit of moisture in that because it's a steam heat.
I want to send heat.
That won't get flagged.
Let's not go to Johnny per second.
Villa, what's new in the life and times slash what's new in the Villa Villa?
Because you're in your place in New York.
Yeah.
Fucker.
This is awful.
This is not how I wanted to start my week.
It is my recording.
Yeah, we're recording a one last morning.
Thanks for giving me a video.
Yeah.
Not in a way.
It really was Thanksgiving break.
Also.
Yeah, the first thing I didn't want to see this morning was you shirtless,
drinking cold bro.
Speaking ill at us.
But what's happening in the life and times of Villa is nothing much.
Last week during Thanksgiving break, I went to my hometown.
And early in the home.
Yeah, we're going to New Jersey.
Hell yeah.
No, it's all you ever talk about on this show.
It's the best place in the whole world, man.
Really?
Hell yeah.
I thought you don't even like it that much.
Not really, but it's the best way.
It's the best way.
Yeah, it's the best way.
Yeah.
Too much we can handle.
I can handle.
Yeah.
But I went to a hometown bar.
Kind of expecting some things.
One thing's giving.
Yeah.
Kind of expecting to see all the people who just stayed in their hometown.
Just kind of feeling a little bit better about myself.
But I walked in with a bad heart.
And I left like the grinch.
with my heart growing 10 times that size and it was just nice to see everybody but I
really was so nice and I wore my people like you knew or yes okay they're all like
you were you were looking forward to like going over there gloting over them
right I left this shit hole I live in New York shitty now but instead they were
melting hot yeah they were they were like cool they were kind they were nice
and you're yeah then you you left with your heart full. Uh-huh yeah I was
absolutely a sour person. A sour person. What was the energy that you like
went in there with like were you were you negative up front or were you like
kind of like fake nice then they were real nice back and you were like well
shit now I feel bad. I kind of walked in trying to be as a loophus possible. I don't think
why go the ball. You're going to like be to agitate others and to be approached
that's really sad. Yeah it was really sad which made me in turn kind of sad
so I walked up to someone said hi and all of a sudden the tables had turned
for my emotions. That was all it took. Yeah. I'm just saying hello. It's not really
high Johnny. Oh my god. Everyone here is so fucking great real. Not like the city
where I live. What were you like in high school, Johnny? I was a theater kid
through and through but interestingly enough the theater kids at my high school
some of them were like part of the popular crowd so I was kind of adjacent to
that was really cool. Not really. I was near the popular theater kids. And they
weren't even the most popular kids. They were just the popular of the theater kids.
Hell yeah. What productions did you do in high school? And he's
sometime we should say rest in power. Absolutely. The goal. He said has passed.
It was sad. He was 91 though. He wasn't 91 but he went. He went to a two show
a day on Wednesday. He saw two plays on Wednesday and then died on Friday. Isn't that crazy?
That is crazy. The sadder one is Virgil Ablow. Rest in power.
That is sad. I'm wondering the both three. I was definitely more affected by
Virgil Ablow down. Yeah. It's sad to see somebody that is like absolutely
peaking, crushing it, never regardless. Yeah. Also surprising. So yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry, Jeff
or you said you wanted the third one to be Jake you said? Hmm. No, I said I wonder who
the third one is and then I couldn't help but wonder what if it's Jake? Well, it
couldn't be because I'm not at that. Like I wouldn't be. I wouldn't be in that
company as like the third person to die. Nobody would be like man can you
believe Sondheim Ablow and her wits in the same week. No, I thought that you
didn't you interview for the LVMH job the Louis Vuitton? No, I wasn't even
asked. I know it was even available. I don't think I would. Like been on their
radar because I don't really know. Well, it wasn't like an open because it was like an
indeed thing. No, it's more like I also I work it. I like founded this company.
So I'd be weird if I was like looking for jobs on indeed ever. Anything.
Can you imagine me applying for a job?
In fashion. In fashion maybe. I would love to consult for like buck and buck
Mason. I would I have ideas for future. It feels like up your alley. You kind of
a fashion line in a way. Oh, yeah, actually I do. I did start another job. I make
wallets and hats. Yeah. Jeff, what are you? Yeah. What are you distracted? I would. I was
like my little baton. It was a little Johnny because you laughed right after you said
that and that wasn't funny. Wait, what? I just got a little turned around. I didn't
sleep very well last night because it was too hot. Yeah, that's part of it. I knew
about the way. That I almost did. And then I thought that these were windows. I thought
that these were windows, but it's actually just it's a Velcro curtain over what appears
to be open wall. So it's like crawl space. What's the rest of the apartment like? Do
you guys want to tour? Yeah. Yeah, might as well see if I can do this. So it's like a studio
and a basement. It's cool. Okay. Well, that's it. Good. I'm only here for like four days. And
then you're only there for four days. Yeah. And then I do a housing swap with my friend. There's
a full bathroom. Oh, I see. So you're in a shitty Airbnb right now. In a way. It's it's
not shitty. It's surprisingly cheap for having your own place. Yeah. It isn't a basement.
And the ceilings are certainly low. Yeah. The shower. I've been ducking the shower. Yeah.
That's on God. What's the address of this place? You'll actually be long gone by the
time you leave. So you don't even have to believe it out. Well, no, because I don't want
to duck like the building because this is the thing. It's like wherever I go, it becomes
a kind of a celebrity spotting spot. Not really. Is that? Yeah. Yeah. I would agree. I would
agree with everyone who said it wasn't. It sounded like you didn't hear Johnny or Marika,
but they both said it didn't become a celebrity spotting. It's gone. Be left. All right.
If it was going. What were the productions, Johnny? I'm curious too. I did rent. I did Tommy. That
the who musical. It's great. Carousel. Those were the musical I think, but I'm good
stuff. The year. Are you in carousel? In carousel? I was just part of the ensemble. What about
what about rent? What about rent? What about rent? I wish Tommy's where I had my time to shine. I was
up. Come on, dude. In a rough thing, man. No, like I was with Jake, like they come on, man. Yeah, man.
Bye. I'm soul. Do you guys watch tick tick boom? Oh, yeah. That's why he was on the
American musical. Did he write that one? He wrote. He is dead. He wrote a one man show
called tick tick boom. Everyone was adapted into a three person musical by David Auburn.
But like with the same songs he wrote. I didn't make sure. You know, I read like a whole
bunch about Stevenson. I'm this weekend because I got a New York Times subscription. We can't
subscription. Thanks. It's actually made me pretty cultured, pretty smart, and actually a little bit
better than frankly, everyone on this call. I have the most good thing every day of the week.
Really? Do you know how to read the crossword? I can't think you're out. Like I feel like I know
not I would know the answers. I just don't know how to fucking do it. I did the crossword today.
Really took me three minutes because I didn't know the word ZARF. Oh, you're talking about the
fucking mobile crossword. The crossword game. No, you know what? I'm not going to take you to the
reason. It's not today. You are. What did you learn? Oh, I just I mean, I thought it was fascinating
how collaborative like theater is. There's just so many like adaptations from books and old shows,
and there's just like so many people constantly like working together and making new shows from old
ones and fixing things and doing things different. I kind of thought it was all just like
you write like the movies, write an original thing, do it, and then that's it. So I thought it was
fascinating. Yeah, it was cool. Did you watch TikTok? I thought you cared about Steven Sondheim.
You said, rest in power, but then you don't want to talk about the rest. You're so
you love Saturday and I it's the only song time. Yeah. Yeah. I think I used to listen to the Assassin
soundtrack. Yeah. That was my great song to get one. Really different. I saw that on last Friday.
No, the fright. Not this past Friday, but the one before the 19th. Wait, so again,
so it came back. It's opening again. It's been re-others and off Broadway production of
Assassins, right? Who's in it? Sorry. Steven past Squally, Judy Kuhn, Adam Chandler-Virat,
Tavvy Gavenson. Oh, I love Tavvy. Yeah. I don't know she'd acted. Yeah, I think I've seen her in every
big she's ever dot on stage except for one show, which is weird. But it was a it was a fine production
Assassin's is the show I've seen of his the most I've seen three different productions.
It's good. Wow. Did you see the OG one? The one with Duggy Houser in it?
Wait, who is oh, you know Patrick Harris? That's right. I didn't see that one. No. That was the first one,
right? No, there is a off Broadway production in 1990. Wow. That's the original one.
With Victor Garber. Well, don't know shit in cyclopideos. This is the only thing in my brain.
It's kind of shit. It's this kind of awesome. And people don't apparently don't want her talking
about formula one. Really? Was it people who were like one person and then he could keep saying
that everybody doesn't want it at all. I said it one time. You said it like three times. I swear to God.
Do you see my Ferrari hit? Yeah. That's really cool. It's good at it. I'm trying to go to
Le Mans next year. And I like, oh, we could go. I had to call a travel agency or like a company that
does camping bookings. And I talked to this nice British man for 30 minutes. It was like,
just going on and on. He was like, I've been going for 20 years. Like, we can help you do whatever you
want. And I was like, OK, this is amazing. Does he do that for everybody? Who did you? This is like
he was like, it's a family business. I run it with my wife. Oh my God. And we like pride ourselves in
helping people. And he was also like no one has ever called from New York City wanting to go to
Le Mans. I was like, that seems crazy. Wow. We, and so this is Florida. You're going to go
by camping in France next summer. That's the plan. Yeah. Fuck. Yeah. Watching Porsche's just
whip around in the woods. Yeah. Watching fast gunner wrap his car around at Goddamn tree.
Oh, shoot. Imagine me going to France and then watching Michael Fazbatter die.
It would have to be your fault. You're the only person from New York that ever went to Le Mans.
It's true. It's still one thing that's changed. Anyway, that's my plan. It's going to be great.
I think the commenter that didn't want you to talk about racing was Jeff just judging by his face while
you're chatting about it. So yeah. I'm really glad the conversation 10 minutes and he's shook.
I missed all of that. Sorry. What? It's fine. Yeah. We can move on. Yeah. Okay.
Uh, you said Le Mans. I heard that. What about Le Mans in this? So it's like you're having sex.
I mean, let's see a dress if you have me and be. Nice. That's right around the corner for me.
It's not too far from you. Yeah. Um, sorry. It's fine. Wow. Where's that ice coffee from?
It's like a reguglio or something? What is it? It's across the street. Let me look at it.
This smells for the way. Yeah. Ringo Levia. Ringo Levia.
Something like that. Yeah. Ringo Levia. Something like that. I said it.
I've even just four or five six. Four or five six. I'm a thanks. Oh, okay. It looks kind of cool.
It's called four five six. Let me finish. Yeah. Where is it? It's on Richardson Street across the street.
Then there's this bar called the Richardson. And it's description on Google is out of the way,
bar offering specialty cocktails. That's not a selling point. It is, it shouldn't be that.
Because it sounds like that was like written when, you know, prime Williamsburg was having its heyday.
Yeah. Now when was that Richardson 2005? 2000. I guess. Yeah. 2000 probably 2000 like eight.
Because now it's just like a mall. Yeah. Everything is on the way. Yeah. That's a busy little corner
at there. Yeah. I love Greenpoint. Greenpoint is good. Yeah. I like that. I walked home. Well,
yeah, I was walking in Greenpoint earlier today. You walked home. So you, what you've been suggesting this
entire time. I'm tired. I didn't get a lot of sleep. And now you're saying I was walking home.
Wow. You're, you're, you're fucking greenpoint. You're preoccupation with the Mon's pubis.
You're, I'm, you're a few, I'm going to wear clothes right now. I, you're, you're a
barrio. You're living in a basement on Richardson Street. Fucking, you're way across Brooklyn.
I'm a lethargic. Oh, I can't have sex without being tired about it. Oh, what was I going to say?
Oh, I went to Zelon in last night. Oh, yeah. It's pretty good. What is that? It's a, it's a vegan,
or a vegetarian place right by vital. My climb is vital. My hands are cold. Did you go to vital?
When did you get here? I got here three weeks ago. I didn't tell anybody. No, I got here yesterday at four.
And nice. So all you did is go to Zelon and have sex and come home.
Yeah, I wanted to see Johnny, but it didn't respond to my fucking emails.
E-mails. Why are you ready again? You have a Sunday because it was Sunday. You're probably
getting a ton of texts. No, Sunday is probably the least busy day of the week for everybody.
Yeah, but definitely a day when you don't want to check your email.
All right, scary. I guess I'm not a living New York. All right. Then I guess I don't, I haven't
assimilated yet. Is that fine? Can I have a couple of weeks? Yeah. I mean, you definitely haven't
your fucking coffee at Ringo Levio. That's an Italian place. They do pasta at dinner, man. That's like
time. I also went to Sweet Leaf. Is that fine with you? Sure. I don't know what that is. Okay.
She went, so you went, what is you drinking now? Did you get tea? No, this is hot coffee.
You got a hot coffee and a cold brew. Yeah, you got to have a shambi.
A little bit of both, but aren't he Paul me in a way? Hot cold room temp for both cops at a certain point.
Yeah. Green or otherwise? Do you get another chat to you? Did you get another chat to you?
What is this? Yeah, I got a it's a lemon. It's crazy. Is that a real chat to you? Yeah.
Yeah. It's for my dead dog. He only ever played with lemons. You should say that that's so much to you.
Piles dog. I can't even. Okay, then it's also for piles. Another scapegoat, by the way,
for his failing marriage. First the house, then the dog, then the kid. It's like he's had lemon.
Get to the root of the issues. Don't just keep like making yourself distracted. I'm sorry to say
it's really not your place to be talking about someone else's marriage by the way. Wow.
That's not that shouldn't be crazy to hear Johnny's been pretty quiet on this this podcast too.
I feel like that really. Yeah, that's a fucking ringer. By the way, I hope that this energy
doesn't carry over past the break because I don't want this episode marked by controversy.
Today's episode is sponsored by Honey. All right, guys, we all shop online, right?
We've always seen that promo code field taunt us a checkout. But thanks to honey,
manually searching for coupon codes is a thing of the past. Honey is the free browser
extension that scowers the internet for promo codes and applies the best when it finds to your
cart. Honey supports over 30,000 stores online sites that range from tech and gaming products
to popular fashion brands, even food delivery apps. So imagine you're shopping on one of your
favorite sites, right? When you check out the honey button drops down and all you have to do is
click apply coupons. Wait a few seconds, this honey searches for coupons. I can find for that site
and if it finds a working coupon, you'll watch the prices drop. Honey has saved me a lot of money
on food delivery apps recently. Also, a purchase of vintage clothes from a popular vintage website.
I've saved $5 up at $25 a pair of jeans before and just, you know, even $5 here, $6
there on a food delivery order can be huge. That really adds up, especially if you order several
times a week like I do. Honey's found, but it's not just me, honey's found it's over 17 million
members over $2 billion in savings. And if you don't already have honey, you can be straight up
missing out on free cash. It's literally free and installs in less than a few seconds. And by
getting it, you'll be doing yourself a solid and supporting this podcast. So get honey for free
at joinhoney.com slash what's that? Again, that's joinhoney.com slash what's that? Thanks honey.
It's holiday season and you don't know what to get as a gift or a stocking stover.
Well, today's sponsor, ManScaped has the tools to guarantee you win this year's stocking
stuff first slash white elephant competition. ManScaped is the leader in men's below the
waste grooming and they've served more than 4 million men worldwide. If my math's correct,
that's 8 million balls. Get 20% off plus free shipping at manScaped.com with code. What's that?
Ho-ho-ho fellas, not your nice, tis the season to perform. I have often sliced and diced my balls
before I started using the manScaped lawnmower body trimmer. The best trimmer on the market for
your balls button body and the weedwacker ear and nose hair trimmer. Let's not forget their
famous liquid formulations, the crop preserve or bald the odor and the crop survivor bald toner
to maximize your ball hygiene routine. The dads can't stop talking about this. The teen
secretly buy it and the women will love you for it. Now these are our picks for manScaped
surefire win stocking stuff first. Number one, the manScaped 2 and 1 shampoo and conditioner just launched
kill two birds with one stone. Number two, the manScaped colon infused body wash. Number three,
the shears 2.0 luxury 4 piece nail kit. Number four, crop mobs, ball wipes for your
stanky balls. Number five, manScaped signature colon. These formulations are vegan, cruelty free,
die free, sulfate free, and paraben free so you know their products are legit.
Hurry to their site to ensure these wild gifts show up before the holiday season and
while you're at it, get 20% off plus free shipping at manScaped.com with code. What's that?
Whether this is for your partner, dad, brother, friend, get them something that they'll actually
use and it's almost sure to get a laugh. Get 20% off and free shipping on manScaped.com with the code.
What's that? Be the baldiest gift ever this year with manScaped. Thanks manScaped.
And we're back. We're back and we're happy. Yeah that was such a that was such a reset.
Thank you. How about a 20 minute guided meditation for us?
That's that's funny but also like meditation can really help you. I got to want to make
you something that helps millions, right? It's you, too. It's all you do. You should
get on so much that brings people joy. I hate that one. Yeah, very good. Yes. Are you on
field? I don't know. In crime. That's it. The follow-ups. There's no follow-ups at this point because
if she doesn't, it doesn't even seem like she knows what it is. I don't. Can't even let his listeners
understand what you're talking about. It's like an annual schedule of sex, three sums, and kink.
And I wondered if you were maybe thriving on it. He's not mad. What man? I didn't say anything.
What are you? What are you? I need an annual people at once. You're some like Johnny.
I'm having a talk. I'm having a talk. Yeah. I'm having a talk. Yeah. I have to be the New York energy
man. You just got here. I'm sorry man. I can't. It's infectious in the city.
It never sleeps. I mean last night, it was, it was crazy the energy and green point. But the
lights up for the holidays. Yeah, not it is really nice. You're in the basement. It's so funny
to be like, there's really the energy. You're just in a fucking hot basement. You're saying the
city you're in Brooklyn. You're really care about Manhattan, which is what that is all city. All right,
no man, I love Manhattan. That's great. I was there in that street. Oh, it's you got it. Oh,
what do you do? You got it. You just made it. I don't like the restaurant. Wow, it is.
It's how it also is. I was walking around for me and in square it is so hot. Oh,
what? How did you go? That's where I was. I was walking around so we should go to the
two like one shot with the in the square square. Yeah, that's I love that. It's awful. I hate
this one. Is it really bad? Is there a better one? Because I just want to do something Christmasy.
It's just so crowded. I would do the Bryant Park Christmas one. That's like a little
where the hell is this park? 42nd street between 40 seconds. Yeah, it's also got the ice skating
if you want. What's that shit? The Broadway shit. And then I make a Broadway reference in my
size. Yeah, I said nice. You just said 42nd street. The name of a musical with a song. That is
also called 40 seconds shit. That's all you did. That was easy. Yeah. So Bryant Park you'd recommend.
Because I just all I want. I'm sorry that I'm getting angry about it because it's just passion.
All I want is to just have a hot chocolate from somewhere interesting. Spike it with my own
peppermint schnapps and walk around it. Walt's around rather a Christmas market with bay.
Yeah, do do Bryant Park. Watch people I skate. You could even walk up to the
Rockefeller Christmas tree at that point if you wanted to. No, because that's bullshit because
you're not like pairing the things makes them not too singular experiences. So I could have
had two Christmas experiences and instead you're trying to get me to do them both in one night
not come off like it's a grocery list. I'm not going to be from field wants to do this with you.
For casual sex and three sums and you're going to say like come get a fucking hot coffee with
me a hot chocolate hot pot. And go to the Christmas market. I know you were like very
cute sex fetish thing. But yeah, we're the married couple. You'll roll play as the
son wants a fucking candy cane. Mummy, mumsie and dad Z. Can I get a hot chocolate?
Lord. It's easy to have fun if you know the avenues.
What happened to you? Yeah, do you know? First, second, third. All of the numbered ones. C. D. E.
The avenues. Yeah, I mean kind of. Yeah, I know.
It's like, I don't know for seven you. Yeah, major killer. Don't be afraid to switch
shit up spontaneously or not. I wouldn't have been here for wasn't for a couple conversations with
Michael. Michael. You're going to give Michael the credit for having you come to New York.
That was that was me man. It was both of you, but mostly Michael for saying his friend
wanted to sublet for a couple of months. And I was like, you didn't even take him up on that.
Yeah, because it was too late by the time I decided five days past suddenly it's not an option anymore.
Right. So you missing out on that sublet option is what made you realize you wanted to.
I, you always want we can't have. And once I couldn't have that sublet, I had to be here.
Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Because I also offered you a place. I'm in love with the Boca.
My next move is going to be the Boca Raton.
Well, came first the song that you sang and then said that or would you actually want to move to Boca
and then he sang the song? No, I just let's move on. Right. Full steam ahead.
Of course. Let's take it into.
Bond. Bad one. Let's get into it. Murdie, let's start.
Alright. Mine is Bradley James, but only if Colin Morgan is his cue.
The stars of Merlin, BBC, back together again. Do you mean, do you mean, M?
No, I mean, cue. Okay. I have to just look at British actors really quick.
They don't have to be British. You said they did.
No, because Pierce Brosnan was Irish and actually Sean Connery was Scottish.
So I guess it's like kind of from the UK area. Yeah.
Okay. But we've also said like Richard kind. So yeah. And that's my favorite one.
I've always suggested Bill Nye. I think. Yeah. Yeah, which was as American as it gets.
Right. But what about Bill Nye spelled N-I-G-H-Y?
Well, yeah, that's what's like the next Bond is. Oh, my, he. Yeah. What about Damian Lewis?
It's time we had a redheaded Bond. I don't think Nye is. You can be a redhead and be a stone-cold killer.
I'm sorry to say what about Eddie Redmayne or Eddie Red. No, Maine. Like the Maine.
Not the actor. Just a different guy named Eddie. My friend Ed has red hair. Yeah. He has Ed hair.
Yeah, he Ed has Ed hair. That's true. Let's let's do this. Let's make the next Bond Taylor
Lotner. And I like that now. No, because you're me out because get me. He's dated multiple
tailors. Right. So he's kind of a ladies man of which James is as well. If that was you
actors in Hollywood would have like dated multiple. Yeah. Partners. And okay.
You could check the box of being a ladies man or being considered that. And if that was the only
reason I would say forget it, but there's another reason he was shark boy. Right. So
there's already a built-in audience for Taylor Lotner in terms of once he's the last thing he worked on.
He did some CW show or something that nobody gave a shit about. That's the other thing. He's been
away for a while. And so to come back. Right. So no one gave a shit. No one gave a shit about him. Andy
has a built-in audience. Which one is it? By the way, Bond has the built-in audience. They have the
global franchise. They don't need anyone to bring someone to bond. Do you think Bond is looking
for a fucking influencer? And it wouldn't be Taylor Lotner. No, it would be long. He's on Kuku,
which is a British TV show. Oh, there we go. So he's working with the Brits. He might have a flat.
Which is a way because I don't know if MGM can put someone up for the whole entire time.
Oh, and it'd be like for a couple of weeks. Yeah, he might have to work as a local as they say.
And that's kind of where you cover your own. But I'll see Bond's traveling. Right. So
probably on location. Yeah. That's true. There's going to be a lot of travel involved. I bet he'd
have to book his own travel. So yeah, Lotner is comfortable using kayak or whatever to book his own
travel. Then maybe he would get the part. My thinking is thus is that he was shark boy. And he kind of
fucking crushed to the shark boy. Sure. He was a child, but yeah. Oh, there's has to be a nod.
There has to be a nod to shark boy in Bond. So it's 007, but maybe like the next watch has like a shark on it.
Do you just want them to reference shark boy in Lafegrell somehow? You don't need Taylor
Lotner to do that. Yeah, you play the reaction you wanted. You wanted polite laughter. Johnny who's
your Bond of the absolute god damn week? He's on a high streak right now. He's playing Mario
and he's also playing Garfield. No way. Let's get Chris Pratt on the on the horn. God. That's
horrible. I'm a horn. So you haven't even offered it to him yet. No, not yet, but we got to ask him at least.
A Kevin Porter casting decision in the making. Yeah, we should get Kevin Porter to just do this one
part of the show every week. I hate that. I hate that choice because he's not even swath.
He's not, but I think he could bring a new energy to the James Bond franchise. Let's see my
essence on our cheeks. I feel like it's conservative. Yeah, this guy's super conservative. I
think he'd say some snappy one liners like there's an explosion happening behind him. He's like,
wow, that was an explosion. So you want snappy one liners. You're not going to go Ryan Reynolds?
Absolutely not. Because I need a conservative man. Why? American values to the big screen.
They already have every fucking Clint Eastwood movie is exactly what you're saying.
Why don't we get Clint Eastwood on the horn, too? He's not the M. I hope Clint East, I'm sorry to say
I hope Clint Eastwood's the third in this celebrity triad of deaths. Wow, pretty his first. Yeah,
he's a major killer. Put yourself out there on a limb or the plank. So basically say controversial
shit for the sake of contrarianism. That's bad advice. Terrible. Controversy.
Actually, what I do with radiator. I wanted to get a conversation going. I don't even pronounce it like that.
I'm a man. That's radiator. Good. It's really nice. See Jake, what you said, like when you said
radiator, that was like very lighthearted and fun. And that's a nice way to start conversation.
But what Jeff was doing was, uh, stirring the pot in a really bad way. Jeff. We're seeing you
probably pay attention. Someone. Yeah, you probably pay attention, Jeff. Yeah. That was like a conversation
about you. You're basically chastizing what you did. And you looked at your phone
during it. And that's such an easy thing to do to hold your phone below the zoom. But it's like you
raised it into the frame. Almost as a fuck you to Villa. Yeah. Look at your pop socket.
It's just a sticker. Oh, it's weird. That's not grateful, Dad. Is that grateful that
there's a John Mayer? Is it both? They're kind of one in the same. It's grateful that I wouldn't
say they're one in the same. Doesn't Jamega go on tour with the dead and company. Yeah. Is any
part of the company? He's part of the company. Not part of me. So when the same is not because
don't know what the fuck you're talking about. We'll talk about week plans. And I don't mean
plans for this week. I mean W. E. A. K. Right. So what are some tentative shit that you guys want to
do this week? Oh, I love that actually. Yeah. That's great energy. On Thursday, I'm looking at
actually what I want to talk to you about this. I want to go on a on a big long bike ride on
Thursday. But I'm looking at the weather and it's going to be kind of cold in the morning. So I'm
already thinking about bailing the night before. If you're interested, you should try to get your hands
on a bike. I actually was going to try and get one for sheep on Craigslist because I'm trying to be
active as shit this winter. Do you want my bike that probably needs to be a little bit fixed?
But I don't use anymore. Yeah. Wait, your room room bike? No, my eye. All the regular. Yeah. Oh,
perfect. Yeah. Jeff. Take it. At the very least, it needs the tires blown up. At worst, maybe
it needs some new brakes. But I'll drive you to pick up Jeff. And we can pick it up, bring it to my
bike shop. They'll get it to tune up and we'll whip around the city on Thursday unless it's too
cold and I might have to reschedule. Okay. I also wanted to ask you actually, um, in January,
I wanted to go up state for a weekend. Can I rent your car for the weekend? Rent my car.
Yeah. Just borrow my car. I mean, I wanted to toss you a couple of bucks because Lord knows
it could use it. Yeah, depending on the weekend, you can borrow the car renovation, you know,
get our renovation on the townhouse. So like strap for cash and honestly strapped with that
cat. What do you mean? You are a cat. I don't understand what we should say.
Me and Chris Pratt. Yeah. I have a concealed carry permit that I use. Uh, my week plan. Yeah,
let's do this. So I'm just looking at bikes. After I've off radio. Yeah. But sure. Yeah.
Uh, one of my friends from college is coming into the city on Wednesday. But can't get dinner
can only like do something before. So I think I'm going to go to the Bryant Park market and then maybe
try and see a play afterwards because I'm in the area. But I don't know what play yet. I gotta decide.
Can we last a minute? Hmm. Are you trying to decide because you've seen them all? Or like,
are there ones that you haven't seen? It's a bit of both. Uh, I think the healthy dose is both.
I think there's like maybe one or two that I haven't seen yet. Cool. Yeah.
Johnny week plans. Uh, here's a really, really weak plan. I don't know if I'm going to go
back home on Thursday night or Friday morning because my mom invited me to watch earthwind and fire
with her at a, at Atlantic city. So you can't get enough of Atlantic city, man. You can't get enough
of a fucking going home. Now you just, you have a taste for it. Yeah. I love it. You want to go back
on Thursday for the show. When's the show Friday or Saturday? Friday's there for Thanksgiving.
Okay. So you want to go there Thursday so you can go out to that bar. Your hometown bar.
Thursday Thursday and Berlin. It's not going to be the same because no one's home.
Right. Thanks. Well, I can bring that energy. I can bring that positive energy back.
Not really.
I guess maybe, but I feel like I can. I feel like I'm that that's sociable. Yeah. Even though you
describe yourself as the Grinch when you went in their last talk. Yeah. Everybody knows this,
the follow-ups to the Grinch you became a popular guy. Everyone fucking loved him.
Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing? There was an eyelash on my fucking laptop,
and not Billy. Not the good kind. It was my hair. Let's talk about
Amazing. Grace. A sweepstakes. I entered 6,000 times into an omelette sweepstakes
to win a month in Tarzanna. This is not a joke. To an omelette? I am not a crook.
Oh, we're having a ton of fun today. What are you doing? What are you saying? You sing song
and you're just like, you're in a raffle to win a month in Tarzanna. Then you said I'm not kidding.
Then Rick has asked you several times what you're talking about. And then he blew up. And then he blew up.
What is a month? Yeah, I'm trying to find what he's talking about. You say nonsense.
We asked you to clarify. And I got the omelette part which is sad. It's a month, Olamansha.
Imagine you entered a raffle to win a house in Tarzanna. It's one of those like
Cape Cod spec homes. It's like if it was in any other town would be amazing. But in L.A.
where there's so much amazing real architecture. It's like, that's not really the kind of house you
want to get. But you still entered the raffle. Well, yeah. It's like like 500 bucks for 6,000 entries.
I have a hundred dollars. You paid cash. It's for charity. I'm going to win because no one
else is putting that many entries. And I'm sorry to say, but I'm going to have a house.
And please, please, you say you were the elephant.
From a basement. Underneath the BQE. Please, nobody else. If you're hearing this enter this
sweepstakes because I need there to be less entrance. So in fact, if you're listening to this
and you have entered, email the email the provider and rescind your entrance. Yeah, I think
there's two ways that oh, May's not sweepstakes. Can anyone enter as you? Did the eyelash
from your computer go into your mouth when you blew it? My own hair wasn't my mouth. Got it.
4.3 million dollars. So the idea is to get the house, maybe throw a party in it. It has a
movie theater. Maybe do a screening of like something awesome. And then liquidate the bush. So basically
make that cash. And then by in cash, a house in a better area for less. So that I'm suddenly
I don't even have fucking housing costs. Does that make sense? Plugs. What do you think?
What do you guys say? No, we didn't even make it to the waxing portion.
This is the worst. It was February. You're a long way to go, bud. Yeah, but if you end well,
I'm working against my own interest here because if you enter before, no, I'm going to say it
because I don't want at least to want to win a bunch of money.
Does this really go to charity? Yeah, I don't think it actually will go to charity. If
you enter a raffle to win a free house, they give the money they made to charity. It feels like
that would go towards covering the cost of the house. You should have played that after you
fucking said all the stuff about how you were going to liquidate the house. Yeah, and live rent free.
I thought what I said was interesting. I'm sorry if it wasn't. It's okay. I mean, I hope you
won a house. That'd be cool. Yeah, you guys would have a free place to stay. Any time you come to
fucking LA. What is oh, maze? It's just a place where you speak. It's just a sweepstakes. It's a
fucking website. Yeah. It's just a sweepstakes. It's a fucking website. Yeah. It's just right now. It's
going to tell you what is so sad. It was 24 doughnuts. That was not what it meant today. Also,
my friend is friends with this guy. I could get you a date with him. Oh, thank you. Let's do that.
Let's do that. Let's do that. Rather than me paying $500. And then today, today alone, 7200 people
have donated for this house. Yeah. This is so fucking stupid. This is awful. You shouldn't have
donated. I'm sorry. Oh, do you want to hear what the description is for this house? It's so stupid.
Yeah. As the classic quote says, go west, young dreamer, and land an LA pad with a poolhouse
or something to that effect. In any case, winning this five-bed six-bath thoroughly thrilling
property, even the court-site counters will make your heart race, is the modern equivalent of striking
gold. And because this is Los Angeles, the epicenter of entertainment, you'll land an entertained
reverse haven with an open concept kitchen and living room that leads you to an equally enticing
backyard. Pool, hot tub, sports court, pudding green. Your fantasy features are all here.
Back inside, main bedroom suite with its fireplace walking, closet, soaking tub and oversized
showers and enough to make you actually scream, Yureka. This is Johnny Roses. I'm sorry. I absolutely wrote
this. I hope you enjoyed it. I, you know what, it's probably in, it's probably in in Sino.
Is that a deal breaker for you? Because you just paid five hundred dollars.
Yeah, you didn't find any of this stuff out before. You guys are going to be late. I'll be the
one. I'll have the last laugh when I paid five hundred dollars for a four point three million dollar
months. I'm sorry. And you guys would be saying Yureka, like a couple of like a loser. And you know what,
we'll, we'll watch in the movie room. We'll watch Le Mans at the months. Nice. Yeah, thanks.
Pleasure to meet you, Marie. Well, they're nice. It's been a cool.
This is just in Jeff has good luck.
Not really if you bought five hundred dollars. Was it news entry ticket?
Fucking plugs. All right. 46 minutes into this nonsense. Let's get it over with. Marie,
what are you going on? I got nothing going on. But listen to exo exo gossip kings.
It's really funny. New podcast with Carl Tart in the Marwoods or watching gossip girl.
Listen to history of heat or a new podcast presented by stock ex. Two episodes out. It's a six
episode series. Yeah, follow me on Twitter and Instagram and letterboxed at Marie Kayle on.
I love the name of your travel agent. Let's, let's shout that person out because I need to
even. Okay. Actually, I'm going to, I'm going to give Steven a call. Yeah, he should. Yeah,
come to France. That's going to be great. I kind of want to.
Yeah, I'm going to go glam thing. And then ideally, the plan is to fly from France to Montreal
and go to the Grand Prix. So weekend back. I was going to say, okay, cool. I still want to go to
Monaco. That's, that's the Grand Prix that I want to grand sea. But actually, there's not
a lot of overtaking in Monaco. So maybe not a lot of overtaking. Maybe I don't want to see that.
Maybe I'll go to Azerbaijan. I think the Monaco would be fun if we were rich and cool.
Yeah. So that's what we have to strive for. Let's plug, if you are going to go to Monaco and
you have a boat that we can watch from. No, it's up. Nobody's going to. Because I want to,
if they listen, I should be one rich person that listens to this or somebody that has rich parents
or somebody that has parents that are Carlos signs is dad. Yeah. So then that's my point. We're
trying to get into the Ferrari paddock for sure. What the hell is a paddock?
It's where you hang out when you're close with La Clare. It's where you hang out when you're
boys with signs. And it's where we would talk about plans for the day and plans for the evening
celebrating their inevitable fifth and sixth place finishes. Yeah. So we're telling our old
signs. Yeah. Maybe sick. Johnny. Yeah. This is a verbal plea to act
build a bear on Twitter to unblock me. Why do you say they didn't like getting DM saying you're playing
God? Something like that. It's insane that they even read that. What do you do with your free time?
This, I'm terminally online. Yeah, permanently online. I mean, same, just in a different way.
But yeah, follow me on Instagram at Johnny V, JOH and NYVI and yeah, that's my plug.
Jeffrey. Jake. Have a new place. Yeah, I, I genuinely just want to go to Monaco. So if you have a
boat at me on Twitter, Instagram or you know, find a way to contact me. That should be on you.
I feel like you have enough money to get a small boat. Get a small boat. No,
I ain't fucking Monaco. Two days. That's probably like $4,000. That's a lot of money. But you
have that at $4,000. Yeah, I mean, I, I had Jeffrey James on Instagram at Jeff. Boy,
already on Twitter. That's really it. If you take nothing away from plugs, just those two things.
And we did it. New York. Oh, it's going to be awesome. We should go to a house of yes,
or a better yet, or better yes, house of X. Nice. Yeah. It's the new house of yes and kind of
under Johnny's place. I'll be there with a hot chocolate. Don't worry. My own shops that I smuggled in
in my ass. But we'll see that shirt. Yeah. Me shirt. Not a place. It's a deck and in place of
hedonism. That's an X man coming. Thanks so much for listening to this episode of the head
gun podcast guys, keeping in tradition of doing it from a basement. So, um, let's do it. Maybe
even next week I'll have to get into the building basement of the place that I'll be living in.
We'll figure it out. Uh, but uh, until next Friday, this has been another edition of the Jeffrey
James hour. Good. Yeah, is actually what it's going to be called for hands here fourth. No.
That's does folks.
That was a head done original.
you